(LOOΠΔ members going to KimLip’s MV filming site!)
HaSeul: We’re inside the bus on our way to the filming site~~
HeeJin: Music video shoots take the shortest distance, right?
HaSeul: It took 26 hours for me to go to Iceland
HaSeul : When I went to Iceland, they were so jealous~ Aurora~
KimLip: Oh man, I was so jealous of her going to Iceland~
[Talking about how she wanted to go to Aurora]
HeeJin: She’s the sixth member so we are now at the half mark
HaSeul: Wow, already the midpoint
HeeJin: Time flies
HaSeul: You’re right
KimLip: The first~
HeeJin: When I became the first member, they made so much fun of me
HaSeul: Oh really?
HeeJin: Like, ooh~ celebrity~ celebrity~
HeeJin : Now, I will be the one teasing her
HeeJin : Celebrity~
Kim Lip : How could I to this person~
Kim Lip : You know that I'm still at the bottom~
HeeJin: This is what I’m saying~ She's teasing me~
HaSeul: Oh geez~
HaSeul : Well, LOOΠΔ!
(Even the hidden members Vivi and HyunJin, let’s go go to Gimcheon!)
HaSeul : Shall we all get going to Gimcheon?